---
layout: page
title: "2021 Wisconsin Tournament Information"
permalink: "/2021/"
---
<h4>DATES:</h4>
July 23-25, 2021 : Tournament dates
 - Friday, July 23: <strong>Mandatory weigh-in and onsite registration: 7:00am</strong>
   - <strong>$10 registration fee</strong> will be due at check-in
 - Saturday, July 24: Weigh-ins: 7:00am
 - Sunday, July 25: Weigh-ins: 8:00am

 - Friday and Saturday:
   - early sessions begin at 2PM
   - evening sessions begin at 6PM
 - Sunday: boxing begins at noon
 <br/>[Tentative detailed schedule in PDF format](/images/gg2021FriSunForBoxers.pdf)
 <br/>(start times subject to change)

July 11, 2021 : Registration deadline : [register online here](/register/) starting May 1st<br/>

<h4>OUT-OF-STATE BOXERS - <strong><u>CLARIFICATION! ILLINOIS ONLY</u></strong>:</h4>
Because Chicago Golden Gloves had to cancel their 2021 Golden Gloves due to COVID restrictions, <strong>Wisconsin Golden Gloves will be allowing boxers from Illinois to register and box in our tournament.</strong> This is with the understanding that <strong>Wisconsin boxers will take priority in the tournament draw,</strong> dependent on participant numbers and limitations on time. <strong>Illinois boxers will not be guaranteed a bout</strong> but we will do all we can to accommodate those that want to participate. Out-of-tournament matched bouts will also be an option.

<strong>Illinois male and female OPEN boxers may be eligible for a spot on the Wisconsin team in any unopposed weight classes, at the discretion of the Wisconsin Golden Gloves.</strong>

We apologize we are not able to accommodate boxers from other states at this time.

<h4>LOCATION:</h4>
[Madison Marriott West](https://www.marriott.com/hotels/travel/msnwe-madison-marriott-west/)<br/>
1313 John Q Hammons Drive<br/>
Middleton, WI 53562 ([map](https://goo.gl/maps/e2x7xP95JTC2))
- [click here](https://www.marriott.com/event-reservations/reservation-link.mi?id=1617904865105&key=GRP&app=resvlink/) to book rooms at the Marriott for a group rate of $109/night
- We will be offering Hotel Breakfast Buffet for competing boxers

<h4>COACHES should bring:</h4>
 - Red USA Boxing coach's passbook showing current coach registration<br/>
 - <strong>passbook must be current with registration and [Safe Sport](https://safesport.org/)</strong>

<h4>BOXERS should bring:</h4>
 - *** USA Boxing passbook : <strong>you cannot box without USA Boxing passbook</strong>
 - *** proof of [current athlete physical](/forms/) (must be done within 12 months of competition start; tournament doctors will not be providing annual physicals at the event)
 - *** boxers must register by July 11, 2021 (online or by mail)
 - Proof of age (e.g. copy of birth certificate, passport)
 - USA Boxing approved headgear (** Masters must use USA Boxing approved Master's competition headgear; will be provided by Wisconsin Golden Gloves if you don't have your own)
 - Mouthguard : <strong>no red or orange allowed on mouthguard</strong>
 - Trunks with a contrasting color on waistband
 - Appropriate footwear
 - Boxing jersey
 - (male) Groin protection; must be clean shaven at weigh-in
 - (female) Groin and breast protectors are optional
<h5>** NOTE - Masters Boxers </h5>
 - Those boxing who are of the age 41 and older will be classified as a master’s boxer. Those participating who are ages 35 to 40 <strong>may choose</strong> to box as a master or may choose to box as senior/elite (or both) until you reach the age of 41.
 - The master’s division will have a <strong>yellow passbook</strong> and have the master’s division identified on it in writing.
 - Masters must get a [yearly physical](/images/masters-physical.pdf) that is more in-depth than what is required for other boxers. Keep this in mind when scheduling your appointment so that you reserve enough time to get this done before competition!
 - Masters will box three (3) rounds, between 1 and 2 minute each, with one (1) minute rest; 16 oz gloves and regulation Master's competition headgear will be used.
 - The age difference between competitors shall be no more than ten (10) years younger or ten (10) years older. Master boxers may not compete against boxers younger than 35 years of age.
 - For more information please see <strong>Appendix H</strong> of the [USA Boxing Rulebook](https://www.teamusa.org/USA-Boxing/USA-Boxing-National-Rule-Book)

	ALSO:
	* Female boxers must provide a [Declaration of non-Pregnancy](/images/declaration-of-non-pregnancy.pdf) and Breast Implant release if necessary
	* Boxers with braces must provide a signed [Release to compete with braces](/images/release-to-compete-with-braces.pdf)



<h4>DIVISIONS:  Junior-Youth 15-17 yo / Elite 18-40 yo / Masters 41+:</h4>
<center>
<table style="max-width:100%;margin-top:10px;">
<tr><td>True novice</td><td>Novice</td><td>Open</td></tr>
<tr><td>0-3 bouts</td><td>4-10 bouts</td><td>11+ bouts</td></tr>
</table></center>
(boxers with 6+ bouts may choose to register as OPEN division at the approval and discretion of their coach and Golden Gloves officials)

* Male and Female Open Elite champions from each weight class will advance to the National Golden Gloves tournament (Aug 7-15, Tulsa, OK)

* Unopposed Male and Female Open Elite boxers will be eligible to advance with the National team at discretion of WI GG officials

* Elite Novice champions may be eligible to advance with the National Team in unclaimed weight classes, at the discretion of WI GG officials


<h4>WEIGHT CLASSES:</h4>
<center>
<table style="max-width:100%;">
<tr><td>Male:</td><td>108</td><td>114</td><td>125</td><td>138</td><td>152</td><td>165</td><td>178</td><td>201</td><td colspan="2">201+</td></tr>
<tr><td>Female:</td><td>106</td><td>112</td><td>119</td><td>125</td><td>132</td><td>141</td><td>152</td><td>165</td><td>178</td><td>178+</td></tr>
</table></center>

<h3>2021 National ‘Golden Gloves of America’ tournament:</h3>
[Click here](/national) for information
